Tuesday, 1 February 2022 10:23PM: Today, I went to Cronulla beach with mum and dad. We then ate at a chicken shop nearby. Very hot today ~35degrees. Learned GUIs and Tkinter using Python!
Wednesday, 2 February 2022 12:41PM: Gym in the morning by car. Watched part of Arrival and Evolution in the evening. Massive nosebleed in the left nose
Thursday, 3 February 2022 11:41PM: Gym in the morning by bike. Rockdale subway for lunch bad service and quality. $3 Subcard reached. Played basketball in the afternoon. Watched Die Hard 5
Friday, 4 February 2022 10:27PM: Went gym in the morning by bike. Sold the mini skateboard to some indian for $20. Poked in the eye at the park playing basketball by the short chinese dude. Very painful and sore through the night. Resume Solomon tutoring tomorrow morning.
Saturday, 5 February 2022 06:09PM: Taught Solo in the morning. Was very average and missing some content for his exam next Wednesday. Ate lunch at japanese in Hurstville and searched Westfield for some white beach shorts.
Saturday, 5 February 2022 06:11PM: Visited the new house for the first time (~80% complete). Initially, looks very nice and modern. Entrance hallway and kitchen/dining room looks magnificent. My room looks nice and toilets all look good. Master bedroom reminds me of a hotel suite.
Saturday, 5 February 2022 06:19PM: Made many edits to Diary program including option for earlier days, 'entries made today' counter, and 'thanks for entry' message fade out. Working on how to input 'entries this session' counter
Sunday, 6 February 2022 -------: Watched some darts, recently learnt the game through GTA 5. Dad showed some interest in buying manual cars e.g. Holden Barina. Went gym in the afternoon by car saw a cute girl we made eye contact many times, hopefully I see her again next time. Played basketball at Hogben in the late afternoon sprained my index finger, seems like im getting injured more and more often now...
Monday, 7 February 2022 02:28PM: Woke up finger in alot of pain. Couldnt go gym and continued treatment. Made edits to Diary app which included font colours to indicate if an entry has been made for today and a "last entry: " label.
Monday, 7 February 2022 -------: Started a project "Organiser" to organise and record tasks for each subject in uni. Planned and sketched GUI and implemented "Add" and "Delete" functionality and most of "View". Will be trialling the program more tomorrow and make improvements
Tuesday, 8 February 2022 09:33PM: Today, I posted 2 ads for the Audi A3 on Gumtree and Facebook for $12999. Received much interest from ~5 people, which is good because the car needs to be sold (transmission issues). Cleaned interior and washed exterior and rims but no inspection today. Hopefully more in the days to come
Tuesday, 8 February 2022 -------: Finished project "Organiser" which works excellent. It is able to add/remove tasks for each of the 3 subjects and view them. User interface is good and will make adjustments based on user feedback.
Wednesday, 9 February 2022 -------: Went to the gym by car at 10am. Felt tired and lack energy. A buyer wanted to inspect the car at noon so we met at Ferry st. Upon arrival, he said immediately that he was looking for a 4WD, which is strange because Audi dont sell 4WD and the advertisement on Facebook was very clear. He left a short while after.
Wednesday, 9 February 2022 -------: Parents found a good investment house opportunity in Stanmore and went to inspect today. Plan on auction tomorrow but are working out on mortgage. Maybe Liz will buy it...? Worth around $1.3M
Thursday, 10 February 2022 -------: Went gym by car. No inspections for the car but still a few messages. Parents didnt buy the house at the auction (sold for $1.8mil). Solomon continuing tutoring this week.
Friday, 11 February 2022 11:47PM: Went hurstville in the morning with mum to do some shopping. Two chinese dudes fighting in the carpark. A few offers on the car but no real progress.
Friday, 11 February 2022 -------: James Harden trade for Ben Simmons was the biggest news of the day. KD and Lebrons reaction were real and damaging for Harden. Maybe the last day I am a Harden fan due to his impatience and fussy nature 
Saturday, 12 February 2022 -------: Went gym at midday by car. Was raining for most of the day, got an inspection for the car tomorrow at 4pm. NRL All star game was decent
Sunday, 13 February 2022 10:55PM: Tutored Solomon in the morning, he said his exam went fairly well. Potential buyer for the car cancelled the inspection today due to an appendix surgery? Went gym in the afternoon by car and saw the cute girl from last week leave when I arrived. Poor appetite from yesterday and not doing much else.
Monday, 14 February 2022 -------: Today I woke up to a missed call and voicemail from Arnold from Propeller Aero. He explained how they missed my application from last year and gave me his contacts for future opportunities. In the afternoon I didnt go gym, felt fatigued the whole day and sat through a 2 hour lecture. At night went to Coles to check if the free scissors promotion was still on
Tuesday, 15 February 2022 -------: Today was another boring day with an introduction to a new course. In the evening we went to eat at Mr Stonebowl at Hurstville.
Wednesday, 16 February 2022 -------: Today I went gym in the afternoon by car. Felt good to workout again. In the afternoon i attended class online and then tutored Luke for the first time in a while. He was decent and looking to catch up to the extension students. I then rode my bike to the park to play some basketball for the first time in a week or so. Paul came late and injured his ankle badly while playing. There was a young 11yo girl who played with us and was pretty good but their parents referred to her as a he??? Strange..
Thursday, 17 February 2022 11:23PM: Today I went to uni at midday. Classroom had no aircon, and it was extremely hot and stuffy. I could not wear my mask as it was too hot. Class was pretty quiet and no interactions with the tutor. Afterwards I linked up with Jayden and watched some nba. Then we went to the gym to play basketball, where Jayden and I got into a basketball argument in a 2v2 match. After driving home, I felt a massive headache probably due to the heat earlier.
Friday, 18 February 2022 -------: Today, I went to the park to play basketball. Saw pete and we had a few good games and chat.
Saturday, 19 February 2022 -------: Today, I went gym in the afternoon by car. Finger and thumb still hurt after sprains. Discussed some ideas for my 20th birthday including a wollongong trip to watch some footy but with no result. Probably find a restaurant for dinner with friends.
Sunday, 20 February 2022 10:19PM: Today I tutored Solomon in the morning. He was okay but occasionally he gets stuck on easy question and needs a reminder. Otherwise the lesson went fine. Went to the gym in the afternoon by car and saw the asian girl again. We made eye contact a couple of times before I decided to approach her and talk to her. She seemed a little nervous but we had a short chat and later I discovered that she and I share many mutuals at UNSW.
Monday, 21 February 2022 10:02PM: Today was another boring day that included watching lectures. Did not go to the gym and could play basketball due to rain. Massive headache in the afternoon/evening probably because of a terrible sleep schedule and too much screen time. Hope to adjust it soon.
Tuesday, 22 February 2022 11:14PM: Today I slept alot during the day to recover from yesterdays big headache. It was raining very heavily and most places were flooded in Sydney. I didnt do much at home all day, hoping for a more productive day at uni tomorrow.
Wednesday, 23 February 2022 -------: Today was an eventful day. I attended classes at uni and met a few people. In my first lab class I was paired up with a very awkward and strange chinese student who couldnt speak english and had a habit of touching my shoulder after everything he says. It made me very annoyed and uncomfortable and I requested to switch classes, hopefully UNSW will approve my request. In the evening I tutored Luke who was very average and forgot how to do easy questions. Later, I got an offer to teach a year 6 boy called Jayden starting this Friday at the library. The weather continued to be terrible and Russia is starting to invade Ukraine
Thursday, 24 February 2022 11:19PM: Russia invades Ukraine! Scenes of bombing in Kiev and other cities as total war breaks out. Ukranians show patriotism and defend their country.
Thursday, 24 February 2022 11:19PM: Today was raining heavily again and I drove to uni after dropping Liz off at work. Class was good and I stayed in the library for some time. Feeling that I can get a grip on all the courses this term.
Friday, 25 February 2022 11:40PM: Russia continues to invade Ukraine and the videos circulating around are just devastating and horrific. Russia takes control of Chernobyl, Ukranian "Ghost of Kiev" jet pilot downs 6 Russian planes and 13 soldiers defend Snake island to their death. Very sad to watch this all unfold.
Friday, 25 February 2022 11:42PM: Today I didnt do much didnt go gym either. Tutored Jayden, a year 6 korean kid, for the first time in Hurstville library. He seems sharp and quick but struggles with harder questions. 
Saturday, 26 February 2022 -------: War continues in Ukraine. Russians fail to reach Kyiv and Ukraine survives many attacks. Anonymous declares war on Russia and hacks government websites. Russia will be kicked out of SWIFT and European nations will supply arms to Ukraine. Poland welcomes 4mil refugees and Romanians drive to border to pick up refugees
Sunday, 27 February 2022 -------: Another day of attacks on Ukraine and the country is still standing. Found out today that my old Ukranian friend Artem is safe in Sydney and attending protests in Martin Place. Was supposed to teach Solomon today but cancelled and went gym by car instead. Hoping to get back in the rhythm of gym and basketball.
Monday, 28 February 2022 -------: Today Russia continued the invasion of Ukraine and Putin activates his nuclear weapons team in response to massive sanctions against Russia. EU countries unite against Russia and a peace talk is organised in the Ukraine-Belarus border. Hopefully there is an end to this war.
Monday, 28 February 2022 -------: Taught Jayden today for the second time and he continues to show much skill in Maths. His real area of concern is thinking skills so I will be preparing that next lesson. Otherwise, didnt go gym and felt lazy all day. James Harden looks good on the sixers with Embiid. Hoping to do some work and gym in the following days
Tuesday, 1 March 2022 10:25PM: Invasion of Ukraine continues as the world unites against Russia. Russia banned from FIFA World Cup. 40 Mile convoy of troops heading for Kyiv and large bombing of major cities continue.
Tuesday, 1 March 2022 10:27PM: Today I worked on alot of electrical engineering labs. Attended a changed lab class and met 3 former NSBs. Heavy flooding in Eastern states of Australia and projected heavy heavy rainfall tomorrow in Sydney.
Wednesday, 2 March 2022 10:41PM: War on Ukraine continues as more air strikes cause more damage. EU progressing to allow Ukraine to join. Flooding intensifies in NSW and QLD. Did alot of work today and learnt alot. Hoping to make more progress tomorrow
Thursday, 3 March 2022 -------: Russian Invasion continues and more people die. Today I designed a jordan poster and bought the print from Harvey Norman. Also cleaned my room and gave some clothes to my sisters
Friday, 4 March 2022 11:49PM: War in Ukraine continues. Worked on bike today (flat tyre) and then tutored Jayden in the afternoon. He struggles with Thinking Skills but I admit that the questions are very hard. Nice family dinner and evening after
Saturday, 5 March 2022 -------: War continues. I fixed the wheel on my bike and rode it to play basketball with Liz in the afternoon. Preparing to teach Jayden and Solomon in the following days. Busy week ahead
Sunday, 6 March 2022 -------: War continues. Didnt do much all day. Started an assignment and taught Solomon Standard maths in the morning.
Monday, 7 March 2022 -------: Taught Jayden for 2.5hours. Extremely tiring and challenging. Rain was the heaviest I have seen in the evening and the front porch was flooded within minutes. In the evening Liz got mad at me because she struggled to drive in heavy rain.
Tuesday, 8 March 2022 -------: Went to uni and then played some pool and table tennis with Jayden. Wisdom from high school followed us around and into pool for some reason and was very awkward. Rain continues to come down heavily and as it eased in the night, the wind started to become intense
Wednesday, 9 March 2022 -------: Tutored Luke and ate pizza for dinner. Preparing to start assignment for AI
Thursday, 10 March 2022 -------: Played basketball at the park and stayed up very late doing assignment
Friday, 11 March 2022 -------: Rested for most of the day after completing assignment. Played basketball at the park too.
Saturday, 12 March 2022 -------: Went shopping in Hurstville in the morning. Bought a new waterbottle and a darts board. In the afternoon, played basketball at the park. In the evening watched narrow margin with parents. Was a great movie.
Sunday, 13 March 2022 11:16PM: War continues. Went to Harris Scarfe with mum to buy a pasta machine and then Officeworks to buy some stationery. In the arvo went to play basketball today with sisters, injured my outer calf?
Monday, 14 March 2022 -------: Studying for 2 midterm exams on Thursday. Nothing else interesting
Tuesday, 15 March 2022 -------: Went to the renovated Aldi for the first time in the morning. An extremely difficult lab class today in uni and was tired when I got home. Picked up michael jordan poster from Moore Park. Preparing to spend most of the night studying for midterms
Wednesday, 16 March 2022 10:01PM: Studied till very early morning. Woke up at midday and ate and went to exercise by bike at the park. After returning, studied until night and plan to continue through to early morning.
Thursday, 17 March 2022 -------: Completed 2 exams today after getting little sleep in the past 2 days. They were on the difficult side and hope it went well. Feel completely exhausted now.
Tuesday, 22 March 2022 04:43PM: Last couple of days I have been mainly resting and playing basketball. The new house will be inspected soon and handed over this Thursday. Also cleaned parts of my room
Sunday, 27 March 2022 -------: Celebrated birthday well. Went to Ashfield Buffet and the dinner was very nice. Sisters bought me a cake, clothes and PS4 game. Mum bought me a nice shirt. Celebrated with friends Jayden Cameron and Jack at Darling Harbour Hurricanes Grill and then played pool at the pub. Got gifted a massage gun. Was a real fun experience
Sunday, 27 March 2022 -------: After birthday celebrations, spent up to Monday working late on an assignment. After the assignment I spend most of the time recovering and relaxing
Thursday, 31 March 2022 12:48PM: This morning Liz tested positive to COVID and is now isolating downstairs.
Saturday, 2 April 2022 10:08PM: This morning Maggie tested positive and started isolating in her room. Mum and I quickly went to get a test and in the evening I tested positive. Grandma is coughing and will get tested tomorrow. Mums result still pending but most likely positive as well
Sunday, 3 April 2022 -------: Mum tested negative surprisingly and Grandma got tested in the morning. I spent the whole day isolated in my room with mild symptoms. Grandma tested positive in the evening.
Monday, 18 April 2022 10:26PM: Past few weeks: Whole family got COVID but all recovered with mild symptoms. I have many assignments/exams coming up. Will be a tough few weeks ahead from here. Otherwise nothing much has been happening other than moving furniture to new home
Sunday, 1 May 2022 08:26PM: Eventful few weeks after COVID isolation. Scrambled to get assignments, hw, exams done after missing 2 weeks of Uni. Stayed up very late everyday for the past week. Also moved alot of furniture to #7. Plans for after finals are to watch nba playoffs, change engine oil and socialise.
Friday, 10 June 2022 02:02PM: testing123
